doc: Removed references to Node.js lower than 10.x. (#709)
nodejs/node-addon-api: README.md

- **[Contributors](#contributors)**
- **[License](#license)**

## **Current version: 3.0.0**

(See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for complete Changelog)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/node-addon-api.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/node-addon-api/) [![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm-dl/node-addon-api.png?months=6&height=1)](https://nodei.co/npm/node-addon-api/)

<a name="setup"></a>

> node-addon-api is based on the https://nodejs.org/api/n-api.html and supports using different N-API versison. 

Reviewer: ```
node-addon-api is based on the https://nodejs.org/api/n-api.html and supports using different N-API versions. 
```

> node-addon-api is based on the https://nodejs.org/api/n-api.html and supports using different N-API versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
node-addon-api is based on [N-API](https://nodejs.org/api/n-api.html) and supports using different N-API versions. 
```

> This allows addons built with it to run with Node.js versions which support the targetted N-API version. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows addons built with it to run with Node.js versions which support the targeted N-API version. 
```

> **However** node-addon-api the support model is to support only the active LTS Node.js versions. This means that

Reviewer: ```
**However** the node-addon-api support model is to support only the active LTS Node.js versions. This means that
```

every year there will be a new major which drops support for the Node.js LTS version which has gone out of service.

> The oldest Node.js version that the current node-addon-version supports is currently Node.js 10.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The oldest Node.js version supported by the current version of node-addon-api is Node.js 10.x.
```
